So, the last section that
we have here is Info.
The idea of Info is to put here a Web app,
okay?
Just to play a little bit with Web apps.
In case you have a react application, a
bar Vanilla JS application, a website, and
you wanna integrate this with your app,
you can use a WebView.
A WebView is some kind of a browser
in this case it's chromium on
most of the Android out there.
It's a chromium engine that we
can embed in our app, okay?
What's the problem?
Jetpack Compose does
not support a WebView.
So it's also an opportunity before
finishing the worship, to see how we can
integrate, Android standard classic
views into Jetpack Compose.
It's not complicated, okay?
So if we go to Info page,
right now it's empty remember,
this is a composable that we did before.
So, it also in the companion website,
you have the code.
I don't need to like
copy the whole section.
It says using WebView.
But here you have in case you want
to play with us really quickly.
What we need to create
is our own composable,
let's create a composer remember you
type comp tab then go in WebView, okay?
Like so and here we are going to
declare the URL that we will load,
that I will take it from firtman,
let me minimize the emulator for
a minute, github.io coffee masters web
app, that's the URL that I will load.
And here comes the part that creates
a bridge between two universes,
between not yet the Web app, I'm talking
about the Jetpack compose universe
with the classic Android view universe.
And we're going to say is this,
we're going to use a composer
well known as Android View.
It's a composable that lets you
put an Android classic view here.
And here there is a factory property with,
let's say lambda expression where we
are going to render the WebView, okay?
So the WebView is actually something
that we are going to import, okay?
We need to be careful here because this is
called WebView and it might be a trick.
So we can call this my
WebView if you want, so
then we can import the WebView from here.
The WebView will receive, a context.
We know what the context is?
But this is something from classic
Android development that we receive it as
an argument here, okay?
We just say we're going to construct
the WebView without context.
Something that we are going to apply
a couple of functions over it.
Here I'm going to write a little
bit of Android classic UI, okay?
So it has nothing to do with Jetpack
Compose, we will look a little weird.
We're going to define some
property known as layout params.
That is actually this.
I will explain this in a minute and
you will understand what's going on.
ViewGroup, we're going
to take LayoutParams,
MATCH_PARENT and MATCH_PARENT twice.
So this is actually MATCH_PARENT is
a way to define Android classic UI.
To say that we want my view, my width, and
my height, should match my parents, okay?
Makes sense?
This is like the fill max width
modifier that we have here.
And then I'm going to create
a new WebView client,
like so in case you use these to,
we don't actually need to do this.
How to customize the WebView.
For example, if you want to disable
JavaScript for security, you can do that.
So in this case,
you use the WebView only for
static content, HTML, or CSS animation.
Maybe you have an animation that you like
in CSS, but you don't want JavaScript.
So you don't want anyone to inject code.
So you disable JavaScript.
And then we load the URL.
The URL that we have set before,
like so, okay?
And also typically you also need to
define an update lambda expression.
If you want to let me see if I have,
I need to close another one, like there.
So actually this is a factory.
So the first time is going
to execute this code.
But what happens if for
some reason Jetpack Compose, it's removing
you from the screen and putting you later,
it's calling you the update.
So typically what you want to do
here is the take the WebView that we
receive as an argument, it, and
we're going to load the URL again.
I mean, just in case.
So this is my WebView.
So now in my info page,
we can pull the WebView.
So that means that if you have,
let's say that you have already
an app created with Android
standard classic UI toolkit, okay?
So, you can integrate everything that has
been done there, with Jetpack Compose.
Instead of WebView here you're going
to create something different,
the class that you want.
So if I run this, and
I go to info, this is loading
a web page with JavaScript
with everything inside.
And you can bridge JavaScript
through Kotlin and
Kotlin to JavaScript in case you want to,
okay?
Any question, on the WebView?
>> I mean for enterprise application
you're gonna have security on both sides.
And so maybe you could do single
sign-on with something like this,
you pass in some session cookies,
you can sign into your app you-
>> So single sign-on, for
example using URL 2.0 or something,
that is one use case for using a WebView.
Yeah sure.
Another use case is to for example, as I
mentioned before animations are Media,
that are more complicated to
make directly with Android.
And you already have some things
done in JavaScript or again,
the little game that is already written
in JavaScript, and also that part
of that little game or banners,
it's been used for ads a lot, WebView.
You can share the same ad with IOS,
with Android because the web
pad will work everywhere.
And then use a WebView us that in fact,
when you see an app that has an ad at
the bottom or at the top,
typically that ad is a WebView.
Because it's simply a more multi
platform to create ads in HTML, CSS and
JavaScript than making
something making a view,
>> Okay, for Android or for iOS?
>> The other use case is for
making a Hybrid.
A Hybrid is an app that is half Native and
half Web.
So some parts of the app is react based or
documentation.
There are many apps when you open
the help, or the documentation,
it's a web app or support a section chat
with us, where the chat is a WebView.
So it opens a WebView with
a web chat application.
So there are many use cases,
of course when you open a web browser,
you have some security concerns,
some memory usage concerns so
it's using more memory than before
because now there is an engine,
like a chrome, a full chrome engine
running with your app as well, okay?
So, you have some challenges,
everything is not an advantage,
you have some challenges as well.